Good time
Susan, come here
Can you tell me what you think about this question?
What about this question?
Looks like a lot of problems
In fact, he has very few useful hearts
You see, if you put this triangle inside this cube
Remember to reduce the space
Isn't that easier?
Yeah, got an answer.
Chen Gui, you are really not as good as this.
That's impossible.
He's a scumbag.
How could he ask such a difficult question?
Chen Gui
You're out
Is this your own opinion on the inevitability of quality-oriented education?
Yes, quality-oriented education has always been a slogan
I'm so glad.
In our Huang Gao, he is not that we want to support all the way
All the way
Just like our school department
Hongde school
Go Ahead
It's really scary.
I am proud to have a student like you in Huanggang
He's growing up fast.
He will definitely surpass us in the near future
He has surpassed us
Mr. Han, who will win this competition?
Tell me about it.
I declare that the winner of this competition is Xu Zhiliang
I won't lose
I don't agree.
We received a report from the public that you are suspected of violence
Come for a walk. Come on
This is the Olympic ticket saying yes
Touch the admission ticket for the first time in two lives
Quite excited
What?
I said excited
Then you say yes
Don't lose it. Hmm.
Space reminded
Can you start a new life?
That's it.